Jesus said that the identifying mark of true Christians would be their love for one another
This was especially evident at our
2019 love never fails international conventions. I never expected the the welcome that we received that they were over 200 brothers in the airport
For me, it's like I'm a paradise already because the love I feel here wherever I turn this love
As I walked around the corner the
Reception of the friends the way they embraced me was something that I could not have expected. No one could have even described it to me
Mexico has a lot of different cultures, but here in this stadium
We are one people united by love serving Jehovah
That's unique. It's wonderful and it's all thanks to love
It doesn't matter where we come from or what language we speak the language here is love
Our love of neighbor motivated us to share in a global preaching campaign
Foreign delegates worked shoulder-to-shoulder with hosts from the local city to invite millions of people from around the world to one of the
24 international
conventions
This gave our brothers and sisters from different parts of the globe an
Opportunity to get to know each other
United by the common goal of spreading the good news to everyone they've met
I worked in field service with the sister who used to study the Bible with a Brazilian woman
The sister had prayed to send a Brazilian sister to accompany her when we visited the woman together
She could see the love we have between us and the efforts we made to come so far to attend the convention here in Denmark
Over a million people attended the international conventions in many different languages
Both foreign and local delegates as well as newly interested ones
We're able to learn firsthand how love never fails
Clothe your cells with love
For it is a perfect bond of union
First love identifies us
humility
That's love in action. Loyal love is a beautiful aspect of Jehovah's personality
Well Jesus made it simple didn't he said
Look for the love
Look for the love and you'll find the right religion
Christian love has power
It can reach hearts in ways that the spoken word cannot
But really what other group of persons on earth are interested in discussing love that doesn't fail
When someone sees us they should see a loving individual
When they see any one of us who are servants of Jehovah
And they should see love
In addition to spending time in the ministry
Activities were planned so that delegates could get to know their brothers better
This gave delegates the opportunity to learn about the culture and our spiritual heritage in the host country
In some cities they visited exhibits and locations where previously our faith and love had been tested
For example
delegates in Berlin had the opportunity to visit socks and housing concentration camp
Where many of our brothers were imprisoned during World War II
I thought it was especially amazing
Despite the circumstances of the brothers and sisters faced
Even their persecutors had to recognize the truth
Identify a mark of Christianity of love
This visit showed the faithful endurance our brothers and sisters demonstrated under vicious persecution
And the love they had for Jehovah
A fitting example of love that never fails
Adolf Hitler wanted to exterminate Jehovah's witnesses
He called them a brood
But instead Jehovah's witnesses are still here proving that Christian love never fails
Another example of faith and endurance was seen in Seoul Korea
Since 1953 young Korean brothers have been imprisoned for refusing military service
Altogether, over 19,000 brothers who refused to compromise their faith
Spent nearly 37,000 years in prison
Delegates were able to visit a neutrality exhibition
To learn more about the strong faith and unwavering courage these young brothers displayed
On February 28, 2019
The last of our imprisoned brothers were released
Because I received a not guilty verdict just two weeks ago
I was able to attend this international convention
I am so grateful to Jehovah
My son receiving this acquittal enabled him to attend this convention
We never imagined this would be possible
What a joy it was for these brothers to attend this historic international convention
Alongside their families and thousands of foreign delegates
Just being able to sit next to my son for the convention completely fills my heart
Despite an ongoing economic crisis
Many delegates from Venezuela were able to attend the international convention in Sao Paulo, Brazil
Coming from Venezuela, it's difficult to earn a living or save money
We have to sell our electronic devices and work long hours to be here
But these sacrifices will always be worth it
The love we show to our brothers is possible because of the love Jehovah shows us
An expression of his love to us comes in the form of his word the Bible
In Copenhagen, Denmark
Delegates from Iceland were delighted to receive a special gift
We are happy to announce a release of the Icelandic New World Translation of the Christian Greece
Additionally, at several 2019 international conventions
Our brothers received the revised New World Translation in the language of their heart
I can really feel the love from Jehovah
He's given us this wonderful gift because he wants us to know that the words in this book are from him
The conventions also gave thousands the opportunity to express their love for Jehovah
By symbolizing their dedication to him through baptism
The love amongst our brothers was evident to onlookers as well
The police directing traffic had less work than they normally do
The atmosphere was so contagious that they started greeting foreign and local delegates
They were so happy
They said this country does not need more police
What it needs is more Jehovah's Witnesses
Our 2019 international conventions have given us an opportunity to demonstrate how Jehovah's love motivates us to love
Well as we approach the end of this system of things
We're going to need love more than ever before
Of course we need loyalty
Of course we need endurance and of course we're going to sing that song of courage
But remember what else we want
Jehovah's loyal love
May we be determined to imitate him
In letting our love never ever fail all to Jehovah's glory